Please create a light weight web app for trivia tournaments. this app should be a white labled app - so I could connect a collection of questions and answers as  other config to it so it serves as the user interface for a trivia game (solo), with the theme, questions and answers, game name, and subject of the questions being remotely configurable.
this app should support multilingual use. default language should be hebrew, but is should also support english. make sure it has a mechanism to support rtl and ltr UI design so it seamlessly swaps languages and text direction. UI should be responsive and to be primarily for mobile portrait screens. but also fit desktop wide screens. UI design should focus on dark theme only. there should be data structures defined for questions&answers collections, game's settings, app's settings, leaderboards settings, user login for persistence and user config for choosing trivia's subjects from the available subjects catalogue stored on app's backend. this app should have elegant, modern and simple code, and have it organized into a multifile project, with clean code principles being preserved and obeyed during the process of developing. this app should finally be stored on a free to use server so I could make it public and share it with a small audience of my choice (not commercial purposes). let me know if it would be better to run this (or another) propmt from within antigravity ide. please also choose the most modern technologies that work best for this kind of app (frontend and backend).
also make a backoffice control page for app's admins (separated from client for playing users) so they could maintain app's configs (subjects, questions and answers, themes etc.) from there. allow importing subjects and questions+answers by uploading a json file to client's env, then sending it to backend where it parses the json file(s) and creates/adds subjects and questions or adds questions to an existing question. create an easy managing interface for trivia subjects and its questions&answers. apps managers should be able to easily maintain, delete, add, edit etc. existing subjects, q&as, to easily be able to translate existing subjects and q&as from hebrew to english and vice versa (use some local AI model for maximum accuracy). store webapp's multilingual texts in frontend's json files, so this multilingual ablitiy is modular and scaleable to add more languages in the future if needed. add the ability to edit webapp's UI texts by the app admin for each language or for all languages with an auto translation mechanism after inputting the edit for one language (only english can be edited for cross languaages text change, but allow also specific language text changes).
include UI animations and sounds (allow user to mute) to make an immersive, professional and fun experience. for the developers and app's admins include an analytics event reporting through out the app's flow with sophisticated funnels and efficient data extraction for improving app's experience in the future. handle errors and unhandled exceptions in a user friendly way. never expose api and sensitive data to logs/requests or anything that hackers could use. include a user's settings UI where the user could set app's design theme, choose subjects, favorite quizes, suggest subjects and questions corrections for admins to review and fix if needed. create a default randomized user avatar and allow user to upload or choose their own avatar, allow also providing a url to an online stored pic. allow users to see how many questions are there in total for each subject and request admins for more content of that subject. allow users to set how many questions are there in a tournament (min 10, max 30). allow users to choose if their tournament is agains the clock and set min time for a question to 5s, max to 60s. 